README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Gabriel Veras</h1>
<h3 align="center">Data Scientist</h3>

Hello! Thank you for acessing my GitHub.

My name is Gabriel Veras, I was born in Recife, Brazil and I am a bachelor in Chemical Engineering. After 7 years acting in multi-national companies in this field, I have decided to pursue my goal to be a Data Scientist. I wish to bring my engineering and corporate background into generating value for people all over the world. Please, feel free to add to the projects here!


- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/Gabverz](https://github.com/Gabverz)

- 📫 How to reach me **gabriel.veras40@gmail.com**

---

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/gabriel-chaves-veras" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="gabriel-chaves-veras" height="30" width="40" /></a>

---
</p>
<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

<img
  align="left"
  alt="Python"
  title="Python"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Pandas"
  title="Pandas"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/pandas/pandas-original-wordmark.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Scikit-Learn"
  title="Scikit-Learn"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/scikitlearn/scikitlearn-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Seaborn"
  title="Seaborn"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="NumPy"
  title="NumPy"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Matplotlib"
  title="Matplotlib"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/matplotlib/matplotlib-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Keras"
  title="Keras"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/keras/keras-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="SQL"
  title="SQL"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/azuresqldatabase/azuresqldatabase-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Power BI"
  title="Power BI"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/minitab/minitab-plain.svg"
/>

Commit message:

Revise README with detailed introduction and skills
Expanded personal introduction and added technical competencies section.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Gabriel Veras</h1>
<h3 align="center">Data Scientist & ML Engineer 🚀</h3>

Hello! Thank you for acessing my GitHub. My name is Gabriel Veras, I was born in Recife, Brazil and I am a bachelor in Chemical Engineering. After 7 years acting in multi-national companies in this field, I have decided to pursue my goal to be a Data Scientist. I wish to bring my engineering and corporate background into generating value for people all over the world. Please, feel free to add to the projects here!

📊 About Me

 Highly analytical and detail-oriented Data Scientist with a strong foundation in Machine Learning, Statistical Analysis, and Data Security. I specialize in building end-to-end pipelines—from messy data preprocessing to high-performance predictive models—with a focus on driving operational efficiency and business value. 

---

### 🛠 Technical Core Competencies

🤖 **Machine Learning & Predictive Modeling:** Implementing advanced algorithms (CatBoost, LightGBM, Random Forest) to forecast trends and optimize processes.

🔍 **Exploratory Data Analysis:** Uncovering hidden patterns, correlations, and anomalies through rigorous data investigation.

🛠️ **Data Preprocessing & Feature Engineering:** Transforming raw, fragmented datasets into high-quality features through aggregation, scaling, and temporal variable creation.

📈 **Data Visualization:** Crafting intuitive dashboards and plots (Matplotlib, Seaborn, Streamlit) to translate complex metrics into actionable insights.

🛡️ **Data Security & Integrity:** Ensuring robust data handling practices, maintaining privacy, and verifying dataset reliability.

🔢 **Applied Statistics:** Utilizing hypothesis testing, probability distributions, and regression metrics (such as $R^2$, $MAE$, and $RMSE$) to validate model performance.

---

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [https://github.com/Gabverz](https://github.com/Gabverz)

- 📫 How to reach me **gabriel.veras40@gmail.com**

---

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/gabriel-chaves-veras" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="gabriel-chaves-veras" height="30" width="40" /></a>

---
</p>
<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>

<img
  align="left"
  alt="Python"
  title="Python"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/python/python-original-wordmark.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Pandas"
  title="Pandas"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/pandas/pandas-original-wordmark.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Scikit-Learn"
  title="Scikit-Learn"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/scikitlearn/scikitlearn-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Seaborn"
  title="Seaborn"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="NumPy"
  title="NumPy"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/numpy/numpy-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Matplotlib"
  title="Matplotlib"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/matplotlib/matplotlib-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Keras"
  title="Keras"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/keras/keras-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="SQL"
  title="SQL"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/azuresqldatabase/azuresqldatabase-original.svg"
/>
<img
  align="left"
  alt="Power BI"
  title="Power BI"
  width="40px"
  style="padding-right: 10px;"
  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon@latest/icons/minitab/minitab-plain.svg"
/>
